hi I've had the same phone number for
about whoo hey hey I've had the same
phone number for about 10 years then
every time I upgrade to a new phone I
generally just dump all of my old
contacts straight into my new phone I
also tend to get my contacts really
weird nicknames which is not the best
idea for someone who has the memory of a
goldfish because I can never remember
who the hell anybody gives so this week
I decided to finally clear out my
contacts and I found some with very
interesting nicknames that I have no
idea who the hell they are and I decided
to share them with you first of all
there was looks like a Dorito now like I
said I have no idea who the hell this is
but I have to assume that I at least
found them very very attractive because
let's be honest I love me a good Dorito
this one just says not Hillary yes so
the good news is I definitely know who
this is not the bad news is there are
seven billion other people in the world
who it could potentially be then we have
honey mustard the interesting thing
about this one is it actually has a
profile picture which means it must be
decently recent but the picture appears
to be a head of lettuce however if you
look closely it appears to be a picture
taken of a stock picture of lettuce I
don't know what that's supposed to mean
either we have someone with the first
name Jordan which is completely normal
but their last name is or maybe Chris
those are two very different names I'm
not exactly sure what the mix-up was
there however I do know that I
occasionally do this really bad thing
where someone will tell me what their
name and then the very next second I
will think I was not listening at
all we have someone named he looks like
Grover with a no genders nice saying
from Sesame Street I assume so that I
wouldn't get confused with Grover
Cleveland even though that would make a
lot more sense if someone look like
Grover Cleveland and then a muppet I can
only assume this person was blue and
fuzzy and had a big pink nose and
possibly a hand shoved up their ass
and finally there is Laura Vander blue
bean who is one of the alternate
personalities of Roger on America dance
however I quickly realized that this one
was actually me because I wanted Siri to
call me Laura Fanta Rubin somewhat
changed my name in my phone
Kimora Vander blue bins oh no no
what's my name you're asking me that's
right you forgot the van der boob in
though
Laura van de Mubin this week I'm gonna
know what are some weird names you have
given people in your phone because I
know this is something we all do I'm not
crazy I'm crazy but not for this for
many other reasons previously I asked
y'all for sort of true facts about solar
system solely I appreciate your
reasoning process I can get on board
with that
Kennedy you definitely burned me with
that one in car car I think you actually
burned yourself with that one also on my
gaming channel I just started my
playthrough of tomb raider a which is
already a disaster
and speaking of disasters you can also
check out my rap music video from last
week if you happen to miss out on that I
will have annotations to both of those
things
hey disasters know why I haven't quit
yet I should quit